Hi, Its Rarisma.
I wanted to put a message for anyone who reads this
I hope you are having a nice day, maybe you got lost looking for the source code of the pages
if you did, its just /SSM/

Right now its currently 10:35PM, May 5th, I'm revising for a physics exam and Im listening to
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=vBtvhPM2GHc&feature=share
Its an ok song, I don't really understand a lot of it but hey I like the beat.

Programmers don't get enough recongition, maybe you programmed a god or maybe you just made hello world
I'm not to competent myself with programming but eventually asking/ searching becomes first hand
and after some time some stuff sticks.

Want my advice?
Ask questions. A lot of them.
I started programming properly when I was 14, and I made a simple text based game that I programmed and a friend
wrote, I showed it off but in reality it was just a LOT of functions and shitty if scripts, 
I didn't even know what a while loop was, but after tinkering with stuff I made a slightly better rougelike game
then after that I went back and remade the orignal game in c# and gave it UI (WPF). After that I started remaking
my old rougelike in Xamarin.Forms. Though after reading about MAUI, I think I'll either put it on haitus until MAUI
releases or make it a web app.

Motivation is hard to come by, but somthing pushes me to make these repos and right now chances are you probably 
used SSM. Thanks, it was hard to make and it took most of my easter holiday but I got some support from my friends
more than I usually got since I got banned from talking about it in my friends discord groupchat.

My time is almost up, its been about 10 minutes and as I said I have physics test, so one last tangent/story.

SSM originally had forge support but I had to remove it since I was dumb as fuck and didn't realise I could just
bypass the adwall and LexManos (I really REALLY fucking hate you LexManos) basically told me for an hour that this is a waste of time
When I found out I could bypass it I felt pure joy.

Is he right, I don't know SSM hasn't released yet.
I don't know if there is a massive bt I havent found but the expirence from this is enough
but some fame/love for this would be nice.

I hope SSM will release soon.

Maybe I will update this, some other time
Thanks for reading this

- Jake Rarisma

I don't know how to give people on github my discord tag in DMs but this is a safe enough filter
If you want to talk to me about anything, then it's Rarisma#3767. It could be practically anything
Want to talk about your day, DM me, want to talk about your project or programming. Hit me up
It gets lonely out here sometimes.

I even host minecraft server some time, suprising I know.

Also Rarisma isn't a real word and has no meaning to me its also not my last name.
Tupac is now playing but I was listening to Foo Fighters a few minutes ago

Just finished the book but I gotta look into more lens/ray diagrams.
Thanks to Logan for printing me the Steam Controller Mount, Im suprised it fits.

I wish you a beary plesant evening


17/06/2021
Thought I'd give an update, I have 2 weeks left now and my physics test went alright.
Im listening to Bullet Hell on spotify, they are doing 4 months premium if you have gamepass
RSM is coming along nicely, I've just reshuffled the code a bit and thought Ill put this back here.
Don't really have much to say but after RSM, expect somthing big.
if I get everything I've listed in the idea then it will be the ultimate project.


31/08/2021
Hey all!
Jake here!
I got a grade 9 on my comp sci GCSE.
Funny to read  the name SSM again.
And Im picking the mantle up once more
Gonna finish this for once and for all.
No more fucking with linux since its a clusterfuck.

Honnest to god I forgot about this and maybe you did if you read it before
I was cleaning ou the branch and found this.
College starts in like 4 days.
Hope yall are enjoying Project cobalt because I aint

Also Im now sort of the owner of a minecraft server called complexwarfare
the way I came into it is strange and by the time you are reading this it could have concluded.

Also Fuck you logan for sending a death threat to the homies

If I ever think about this again I'll send another update here.

-Rarisma.

Midnight - 07/05/2023
Years go on.
I've build apps, I've worked on projects.
Its wild that I guess I've went through most of college without updating this.
Two or three weeks I'll be starting my exams.

I got an unconditional offer to a university though so I guess I'm going to be okay.
It doesnt help the stress though, Im worried that I'll fail an A-Level.
Complex warfare collapsed due to me being rarther busy and unwilling to run a server,
its not like I created an entire project so I wouldn't have to do it.

but yeah, working on RSM has took the fun from College CS, nobody really stood a chance
I haven't learned much programming and Im not too big on theory. To salt the wound
I got a freelance job at StoryBuilder, in fact I did my job so good I got onto the board.

I thought I'd be happier but no. The paradiagm has simply shifted, and the world is a different
place now than it was 2 or so years ago, I'm starting to miss the pandemic and staying at home
prototyping stuff all day and hanging with the lads.

College wasn't as simple as I made it out, they use java which sucks imo but its cool enough
everyone thought I was lying about my knowledge so I went too far and made Project Hyperion
and well it towers over everyones project to the point where I regret it. Everyone made web apps.
Hyperion? A physical car you can control in VR, and it logs sensors and shit.

As for some of the previous stuff I've wrote here, I've found that sure its easy to learn to 
program but being motiviated to is a whole different ball game. So start smallish but be ambitious
and do it about something that you genuinely care about. For example in 2021 I decided
to unleash this monstrosity on humanity and it haunts my dreams to this very day.

Im tired, jaded and well I guess im not putting my best foot forward or anything but two
years ago I didn't think of AI and all this other wierd shit thats going on.
I supose I'm a tad more realisitic now though and with university looming,
I'm just trying to bury one more skeleton in closet that's deeper than I'd be happy
admitting to.

So with this, I bid you reader fare well.
Until the next time I raise the bar further.

Jake.